README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Herald Mbre Inyang 👋

Welcome to my GitHub! I'm a passionate full-stack web developer currently pursuing a BSc in Software Engineering. I love crafting innovative web solutions with creativity and precision, turning ideas into reality through code.

## 🚀 About Me

I'm a dedicated developer with a knack for building seamless, user-focused applications. My journey in software engineering is fueled by a love for creativity and the limitless possibilities of coding. Whether it's designing intuitive frontends or architecting robust backends, I thrive on bringing imagination to life. Currently, I'm honing my skills while pursuing my degree, always eager to learn and collaborate on exciting projects.

## 🛠️ Skills

- **Frontend**: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, TypeScript
- **Backend**: Django, Python, MySQL
- **Tools**: Git, VS Code, npm, Webpack
- **Concepts**: REST APIs, Responsive Design, Agile Development

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" height="41" alt="react logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="41" alt="javascript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original-wordmark.svg" height="41" alt="python logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/django/django-plain.svg" height="41" alt="django logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-plain-wordmark.svg" height="41" alt="git logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" height="41" alt="typescript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="41" alt="html5 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="41" alt="css3 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" height="41" alt="postgresql logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" height="41" alt="mysql logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/npm/npm-original-wordmark.svg" height="41" alt="npm logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/materialui/materialui-original.svg" height="41" alt="materialui logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original-wordmark.svg" height="41" alt="tailwindcss logo"  />
  <img width ="12" />
</div>


## 🌟 Featured Project

**React-Django Blog Template**

A modern, full-stack blog platform built with React (Vite) for a dynamic frontend and Django REST Framework for a secure, scalable backend. This project showcases my ability to integrate frontend and backend technologies to create a polished, user-friendly application.

🔗 [View Project](https://github.com/HERALDEXX/react-django-blog-template)

## 🆕 Latest Projects

<!--START_SECTION:latest_repos-->
- [freelancer-project-tracker](https://github.com/HERALDEXX/freelancer-project-tracker) - A MySQL-based freelancer project and payment tracking database system.
- [habit-tracker](https://github.com/HERALDEXX/habit-tracker) - A cross-platform application for building and tracking daily habits, built with Python
- [Python-Basics-and-Advanced](https://github.com/HERALDEXX/Python-Basics-and-Advanced) - A collection of Python exercises, projects & notes from my basic & advanced Python courses at EarlyFounders Labs.
- [HERALDEXX](https://github.com/HERALDEXX/HERALDEXX) - Config files for my GitHub profile.
- [react-django-blog-template](https://github.com/HERALDEXX/react-django-blog-template) - A blog template built with React (Vite) and Django REST Framework
<!--END_SECTION:latest_repos-->

## 💬 Quote of the Day

<!--START_SECTION:quote-->
🧠  
                                                                        > *"The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it."*  
                                                                        > — Dennis Ritchie
                                                                        
<!--END_SECTION:quote-->


## 📚 Currently

- Pursuing a BSc in Software Engineering, deepening my knowledge of software design and development.
- Exploring advanced React patterns and Django REST framework to build even more powerful applications.
- Open to collaborating on open-source projects or innovative startups!

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![Herald's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=HERALDEXX&show_icons=true&theme=radical&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true)
![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=HERALDEXX&theme=radical&border_radius=10&date_format=M%20j%5B%2C%20Y%5D&cache_bust=1)
<!-- Backup: https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=HERALDEXX&theme=radical -->
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=HERALDEXX&layout=compact&theme=radical)


## 📬 Get in Touch

I'm always excited to connect, collaborate, or explore job opportunities. Feel free to reach out!

- 💬 WhatsApp: [Click to Chat](https://wa.me/qr/FB3C4RHBNC72C1)
- 📧 Primary Email: herald.mbre.inyang@gmail.com
- 📧 Secondary Email: inyangheraldmbre@outlook.com
- 💼 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/herald-inyang/

👉 Let's build something amazing together!

*“Code is like art: it’s never finished, only abandoned.”* – Leonardo da Vinci (paraphrased)

Commit message:

feat(readme): highlight Habit Tracker as main featured project

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Herald Mbre Inyang 👋

Welcome to my GitHub! I'm a passionate full-stack web developer currently pursuing a BSc in Software Engineering. I love crafting innovative web solutions with creativity and precision, turning ideas into reality through code.

## 🚀 About Me

I'm a dedicated developer with a knack for building seamless, user-focused applications. My journey in software engineering is fueled by a love for creativity and the limitless possibilities of coding. Whether it's designing intuitive frontends or architecting robust backends, I thrive on bringing imagination to life. Currently, I'm honing my skills while pursuing my degree, always eager to learn and collaborate on exciting projects.

## 🛠️ Skills

- **Frontend**: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, TypeScript
- **Backend**: Django, Python, MySQL
- **Tools**: Git, VS Code, npm, Webpack
- **Concepts**: REST APIs, Responsive Design, Agile Development

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" height="41" alt="react logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="41" alt="javascript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original-wordmark.svg" height="41" alt="python logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/django/django-plain.svg" height="41" alt="django logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-plain-wordmark.svg" height="41" alt="git logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" height="41" alt="typescript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="41" alt="html5 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="41" alt="css3 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" height="41" alt="postgresql logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" height="41" alt="mysql logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/npm/npm-original-wordmark.svg" height="41" alt="npm logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/materialui/materialui-original.svg" height="41" alt="materialui logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original-wordmark.svg" height="41" alt="tailwindcss logo"  />
  <img width ="12" />
</div>

## 🌟 Featured Project

### [**HERALDEXX Habit Tracker**](https://github.com/HERALDEXX/habit-tracker)

A sleek, cross-platform app for building and tracking daily habits.  
Built in Python with both a **modern GUI** (customtkinter) and a **powerful CLI**, it includes:

- Dark/Light/System themes 🌗  
- Real-time streak tracking 🔁  
- Beautiful stats and visualizations 📊  
- Autosave + daily reminders ✨  
- Full source code and prebuilt releases for **Windows, macOS, and Linux**

> ✅ Perfect for regular users — and devs who want to dive into the source.

## 🆕 Latest Projects

<!--START_SECTION:latest_repos-->
- [freelancer-project-tracker](https://github.com/HERALDEXX/freelancer-project-tracker) - A MySQL-based freelancer project and payment tracking database system.
- [habit-tracker](https://github.com/HERALDEXX/habit-tracker) - A cross-platform application for building and tracking daily habits, built with Python
- [Python-Basics-and-Advanced](https://github.com/HERALDEXX/Python-Basics-and-Advanced) - A collection of Python exercises, projects & notes from my basic & advanced Python courses at EarlyFounders Labs.
- [HERALDEXX](https://github.com/HERALDEXX/HERALDEXX) - Config files for my GitHub profile.
- [react-django-blog-template](https://github.com/HERALDEXX/react-django-blog-template) - A blog template built with React (Vite) and Django REST Framework
<!--END_SECTION:latest_repos-->

## 💬 Quote of the Day

<!--START_SECTION:quote-->
🧠  
                                                                        > *"The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it."*  
                                                                        > — Dennis Ritchie
                                                                        
<!--END_SECTION:quote-->


## 📚 Currently

- Pursuing a BSc in Software Engineering, deepening my knowledge of software design and development.
- Exploring advanced React patterns and Django REST framework to build even more powerful applications.
- Open to collaborating on open-source projects or innovative startups!

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![Herald's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=HERALDEXX&show_icons=true&theme=radical&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true)
![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=HERALDEXX&theme=radical&border_radius=10&date_format=M%20j%5B%2C%20Y%5D&cache_bust=1)
<!-- Backup: https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=HERALDEXX&theme=radical -->
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=HERALDEXX&layout=compact&theme=radical)


## 📬 Get in Touch

I'm always excited to connect, collaborate, or explore job opportunities. Feel free to reach out!

- 💬 WhatsApp: [Click to Chat](https://wa.me/qr/FB3C4RHBNC72C1)
- 📧 Primary Email: herald.mbre.inyang@gmail.com
- 📧 Secondary Email: inyangheraldmbre@outlook.com
- 💼 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/herald-inyang/

👉 Let's build something amazing together!

*“Code is like art: it’s never finished, only abandoned.”* – Leonardo da Vinci (paraphrased)
